Fixed broken link to UmbracoDocs labels (#1789)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Contribute/Pull-Requests/index.md

### Step 4: Wait for an action

Hopefully your work will be merged immediately.  It might happen that your pull request receives a comment and a *request for changes*. We hope you are able to work with us to update your PR so we can merge it in!

> Sometimes a label is added to a PR.  We have described a [list of different labels we often use](https://github.com/umbraco/UmbracoDocs/labels).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes a label is added to a PR.  We have described a [list of different labels we often use](../index.md#labels).
```

It is actually this section we wanted to refer to: https://our.umbraco.com/documentation/Contribute/#labels 

Used to be a standalone article and then some things were merged, missed that link though.
